Data and Infra Alt Text (#3294)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/customer_data_platform/zeotap.md

After successfully creating, pushing, and processing a segment in Zeotap, the Zeotap users will appear in the Braze dashboard. You can look up users by user ID in the Braze dashboard. 

> ![A Braze user profile showing the segment 1-4 listed as "true" under "Custom attributes".][4]

Reviewer: I think this would be read out as "one dash four", so I'd recommend writing it a little more explicitly. As a side note, it's best to spell out numbers and symbols when they appear in alt text (ex: "100%" should be "one-hundred percent").

```suggestion
![A Braze user profile showing the segment one through four listed as "true" under "Custom attributes".][4]
```
